Amok!

A couple of hours ago, 

Trip to Kenya. 

On your recent trip to explore the wonder of Mount Kenya



You're in Kenya.
You're on a farm in Kenya.
You're on a chicken farm in Kenya.
You're on Simon's chicken farm in Kenya.

And Simon's left you in charge of the chickens while he goes to town to pick up a batch of vaccine against New Castle disease to bolster the otherwise hardy indigenous chickens he is raising.

And Simon's gone into town to pick up a batch of vaccine against New Castle disease to bolster the otherwise hardy indigenous chickens he is raising.

Simon has left you in charge.


Which wouldn't be a problem, except the chickens have flown the coop! They're running amok, and it's your job to put them in their place.




Sight-seeing in Kenya, and you've volunteered at a farm to get a taste of local flavor.

Simon has been raising indigenous chickens for the past 8 years and has offered you food and shelter in return for your help.

A couple of hours ago Simon went into town to pick up vaccines against New Castle disease to bolster the otherwise hardy indigenous chickens he is raising.

Now the chickens have flown the coop! They're running amok, and it's your job to drag them back to their hut.

But hurry up! It's almost time for Simon to get back.





Sight-seeing in Kenya!

Yearning for an authentic experience, you've volunteered for a day on the farm, and Simon welcomes your help.

Simon raises indigenous chickens, and these otherwise hardy birds need protection from the Newcastle disease that's been spreading.

Simon leaves for town to pick up the vaccines he ordered, and he's left you in charge. Everything is going well until…

The chickens have flown the coop! They're running amok, and it's your job to drag them back to their hut.

But hurry up! Simon's already on his way back!




Sight-seeing in Kenya! And you've volunteered for a day on the farm.

Simon welcomes your help. He's a local farmer raising indigenous chickens, and these otherwise hardy birds need protection from Newcastle disease.

When Simon leaves to pick up the vaccines he ordered, he leaves you in charge. All is well until…

The chickens have flown the coop! They're running amok, and it's your job to drag them back to their hut.

But hurry up! Simon's already on his way back!